Don't be as knowledgeable as mom
Xiaolong, hurry up and apologize to your brother-in-law
Brother-in-law, I'm sorry.
You see, our Jiang Xia is also an ordinary person.
If the richest man divides his money in Jiangnan
Why don't you give us a share of the Jiang family?
Mainly because our Jiang family is too poor
Haha, it's not my money.
How dare you touch my money?
You are courting death
Definitely
Is looking for death
Let him go I told you to let him go do you hear me
This is the decree of the King of Zhenbei
He said let me take the general and the heart sword
Royal decree Rujian Town North King Qingling
How dare you disobey
What can happen to my king?
King of the North
The enthronement ceremony will be held at the Demon Sealing Platform soon
Kyushu Communist Army
What if Luo Li is the guardian of Great Xia?
What if the name of Jiangnan is given?
No one can take Zhang Yuxi away
Sure enough, it is Zhenbei Wangshou Road
It seems he knows you are in Jiangnan
Specially sealed himself
What a town king
What a midway haoran
We are afraid that we cannot afford to offend the king of this town
You know, scared?
It's too late to kneel down and beg for mercy
Little beast, don't you dare
How dare you defy the decree
Dare to destroy the decree
Damn it
Shen Huaian is also worthy of my grandson
Madness
The bloodline of a traitor
Dare to speak nonsense here